# PEG 3350 (Lax-a-day®)
- Drug ID: 255
- Type: drug
- Entorno: pediatric

## Indicación: Constipation
- Categoría: Uncategorized
- Weight type: 1

  - STEP: Maintenance dose  [PO diluted in water, juice, milk or compote]
      administration: • Alternative dosage: 0.5-1.5 g/Kg, max 17 g PO q24h
• 0.4 g ≈  5 mL (1 teaspoon)
• If stools remain hard or grainy, it is possible to double the dose for 1-2 weeks.
• If the stools are too liquid in a patient who is not constipated or bloated, it is possible to administer the dose every other day.
      particularity: • Combine the pharmacological treatment of constipation with a diet rich in fiber, adequate hydration, regular physical activity and a toilet routine.
      doses:
        • 7 g (10 mL) diluted in 50 to 100 mL q24h reg or PRN [weight_min=2, weight=0, min=0, max=0]
        • 10 g (15 mL) diluted in 70 to 140 mL q24h reg or PRN [weight_min=11, weight=0, min=0, max=0]
        • 13 g (20 mL) diluted in 90 to 180 mL q24h reg or PRN [weight_min=15, weight=0, min=0, max=0]
        • 17 g (25 mL) diluted in 120 to 240 mL q24h reg or PRN [weight_min=17, weight=0, min=0, max=0]
      references: - UpToDate [Internet]. Waltham, MA.: Lexicomp Inc.; Available: www.uptodate.com. - Micromedex Healthcare Series [Internet]. Greenwood Village, Colo: Thomson Micromedex; Available: www.micromedex.com - Taketomo CK: Pediatric & Neonatal Dosage Handbook, 28 edn: Lexi-Comp, Inc.; 2021. - Tabbers MM, DiLorenzo C, Berger MY, Faure C, Langendam MW, Nurko S, Staiano A, Vandenplas Y, Benninga MA; European Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition; North American Society for Pediat…
  - STEP: Bowel emptying  [PO diluted in water, juice, milk or compote]
      administration: • Continue treatment with bowel emptying if faecal impaction is suspected for 3 to 6 days until a large quantity of stool is evacuated, then move on to maintenance treatment for a minimum of 6 months.
• 0.4 g ≈  5 mL (1 teaspoon)
      particularity: • Combine the pharmacological treatment of constipation with a diet rich in fiber, adequate hydration, regular physical activity and a toilet routine.
      doses:
        • 7 g (10 mL) diluted in 50 to 100 mL BID x 3-6 days [weight_min=2, weight=0, min=0, max=0]
        • 10 g (15 mL) diluted in 70 to 140 mL BID x 3-6 days [weight_min=11, weight=0, min=0, max=0]
        • 13 g (20 mL) diluted in 90 to 180 mL BID x 3-6 days [weight_min=15, weight=0, min=0, max=0]
        • 17 g (25 mL) diluted in 120 to 240 mL BID x 3-6 days [weight_min=20, weight=0, min=0, max=0]
        • 17 g (25 mL) diluted in 120 to 240 mL TID x 3-6 days [weight_min=35, weight=0, min=0, max=0]
        • 34 g (50 mL) diluted in 240 to 500 mL TID x 3-6 days [weight_min=51, weight=0, min=0, max=0]
      references: - UpToDate [Internet]. Waltham, MA.: Lexicomp Inc.; Available: www.uptodate.com. - Micromedex Healthcare Series [Internet]. Greenwood Village, Colo: Thomson Micromedex; Available: www.micromedex.com - Taketomo CK: Pediatric & Neonatal Dosage Handbook, 28 edn: Lexi-Comp, Inc.; 2021. - Tabbers MM, DiLorenzo C, Berger MY, Faure C, Langendam MW, Nurko S, Staiano A, Vandenplas Y, Benninga MA; European Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology, and Nutrition; North American Society for Pediat…
