# D10% (Dextrose 10%)
- Drug ID: 122
- Type: drug
- Entorno: neonatal

## Indicación: Hypoglycemia
- Categoría: Uncategorized
- Weight type: 1

  - STEP:   [IV over 5-15 minutes]  Administer undiluted on volume/time pump
      administration: Thresholds for treatment of hypoglycaemia:
Birth to 72 hours of age : 2.6 mmol/L
≥72 hours of age: 3.3 mmol/L

If D10% is unavailable:
Presentation : Vial of D5%
1) Withdraw 63 mL of D50%
2) Add to 500 mL bag of D5% 
3) Do NOT remove volume during preparation.
4) Final concentration : D10%
5) Rinse the tubing with the infusion before administration 
6) Enter the required volume on the pump and administer over 5-15 minutes.

Administration of intrabuccal glucose gel while trying to establish IV access is a reasonable approach. If any glucose gel is unavailable, D50% intrabuccal can be used, but administer slowly, as there is a risk of choking.
      particularity: Nil
      doses:
        •  [weight_min=0, weight=0, min=0, max=250]
      references: - UpToDate [Internet]. Waltham, MA.: Lexicomp Inc.; Available: www.uptodate.com. - Micromedex Healthcare Series [Internet]. Greenwood Village, Colo: Thomson Micromedex; Available: www.micromedex.com  - Taketomo CK: Pediatric & Neonatal Dosage Handbook, 23 edn: Lexi-Comp, Inc.; 2016.           - Giudice M, Grégoire N, Massicotte A. Manuel sur la pharmacothérapie parentérale de l’Hôpital d’Ottawa. 4e ed. Ottawa (Canada): Hôpital d'Ottawa; 2019.              - Trissel LA: Handbook on injectable dru…
